---
layout: default
year: 2024
dates: 29.11.-1.12.2024
location: Dresden, Germany
number: 27th
permalink: /
redirect_from:
  - /editions/2024
---
## Participation

We invite submissions from either CTU Prague or University of Applied Sciences Dresden fitting to the workshop topics. Please submit the title of your talk with an abstract of max. 1000 characters and the name of the author(s) via [Easychair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wuv2024).

## Topics

* Computer Graphics
* Human-computer Interaction
* Information Visualization
* Robotics
* Usability

## Important Dates

| 26.10.2024 | Submission of abstracts via [Easychair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wuv2024) |
| 29.11.–1.12.2024 | Workshop in Dresden |
| 01.02.2025 | Submission of papers accompanying talks |

## Submission Instructions

For your final paper submissions after the workshop, please use the [LNCS template]( https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines) from Springer. 

* Your paper should have a length of around 4 pages. (if you there are many illustrations a longer paper might be accepted)
* Please send me your LaTeX-source and a pdf of your paper, in that way I might be able to correct minor mistakes I spot, and you will only have to verify them. As name of both files, I would recommend the title and please exchange the whitespaces with underscore.
* Please mention the institute you represent e.g.:

Faculty of Informatics / Mathematics,\
Chair for Computer Graphics,\
University of Applied Sciences, Dresden Germany

* Please watch out for the typical line-overflows LaTeX sometimes creates when it has problems with line breaks in words or links.
* Please also send a copy of your mail with your paper to your supervisor/professor you are representing so they are informed, and I can be sure that they are.
* Do not forget to acknowledge your grant number (if you have one and are expected to do so)

## Organizers

Markus Wacker, University of Applied Sciences Dresden\
Dietrich Kammer, University of Applied Sciences Dresden\
Pavel Slavik, Czech Technical University Prague\
Zdeněk Míkovec, Czech Technical University Prague\
Miroslav Macik, Czech Technical University Prague

## Program

To be determined.

## Proceedings

Information will be provided after the workshop.
